yes
bye
welcome to the fourth boss of
heart of fear the lord of the wind me
will leave for this guide we will use a tank
7 psc and 3 xerez before starting four
players will catch the spears in words
of the wall that will give them the possibility
of stun for 50 seconds yet
keeps in this example stun we have to
a trapper to a steel master and
two in saviors of the thumb tank and it
will gather everything in one place in the first
place the improvement skills are
several rotating leaves loyal to each
some time he will throw his sword a
random address of the room as if
it was a boomerang and it will take damage to your
step with rain of swords inflicted
damage given to the entire root for six
seconds of channeled pumps
wind will be broken 75% of lives
and they are mines that leave the
location of a player to the tower
doing a very high amount of damage to
the whole root if they detonate when entering
someone inside the arch
all these skills are benefited
for recklessness every time a group of
mante and des die in the hara that
gets 50% have been increased by 33%
of haste making these
skills take away a lot of life when
are the three groups many
there is a skill also called eye
Attentive that makes it impossible to have brushing
to more than 4 aprons in combat already 2
you keep once the first point dies
doing that if there is more than that number
automatically let me eliminate
all the fish on the wings the rest of
skills are already from each group
specific first of all we have to
the trappers of amber were their two
skills are amber prison and
corrosive resin that will do all
the fight until he died with prison
of ambac choosing a player will make thorium
and after two seconds it will close in amber
to that player and everyone who is
two meters from any player with so
just clicking on it will remove the prison
'I am received from a so-called waste
which will make it impossible to remove any
trap for two minutes with resin
corrosive cover a player with five
loads of resin what will take away ten
Faces of damage by accumulation when moving
will leave puddles of resin and
eliminating a load by ponds there is
try as much as possible
leave the gift of resin puddles what
further away from
since by going over them
they devised unnecessary damage to time
they end up disappearing the second group
the saviors of arctic battles
they also have two sister skills
annoying on the one hand they have libya
must be interrupted at all times
since heal a group in a way
permanent 25% your health more and for
another side will use the acceleration fault
especially we launched increasing both
the damage as quickness a 25 for
hundred of all the members being able
dissipate individually
the last group are the masters of
steel cut that as only skill
they will have blow court blow that having
two alive in this case will make a
altar player I get a punch of 150
houses for each master of the optimal steel
not being problems if they are copied from
vibratory the dynamics of the encounter
basically it will be to go killing every
group until it is only improved in
this videogame we have chosen to kill
first to el salvador interrupting in
every moment your ability to deal and
to avoid that being more advanced the
combat acceleration be a true
problem during this part of the combat
we will have to move away the puddles of
resin and take special care
perform a little bit that has no prison
from both
to not make it more played there are also
to remember that the impaling spear to
it has to have four nuances numb
and that only lasts 50 seconds because of
letting go would be very difficult to combat
when dying in saviors we opted for
kill the masters of steel and
later to the campers staying
very little life at this time will begin
that will be with three accumulations of
recklessness making your skills
they are quite harmful rotating blade
go down to more than half there has been a
player on the first pass and marking
what to receive it again with rain of
swords women should take turns in
healing workshops and in this the
root throw yourself some reduction of spear
when you lower 75% of life it will start at
throw wind bombs every certain
time at this point of combat a
bomb detonated will cause more than
possible death of most of the
race so you have to have a lot
care that is leaving them in areas with
pumps and not close in our example
we started the remedy of the room and
they were leaving the bombs at the bottom one
Once it was full it brought improvements for
back can occupy the features the area
central of the room to have a 150 by
percent of the year received increased the
heroism it is advisable to throw it close
of 40 percent and not hurry it
once finished with the lord of the wind
the hara we will continue to the trainer
of amber put the last boss of the heart
of fear good luck and we go to the
next guide